The clouds opened and the sun shone through.
A word to the wise is enough.
When is your school festival?
She was afraid to cross the road.
This word derives from Latin.
He is always punctual.
Tom can't get the lid off.
We were in the same class then.
Our factory is building a new chimney.
I will help you if you are in trouble.
Would that I had married her!
What do I think
Not knowing where she was
Yesterday I received a letter from an old friend.
The plan announced Tuesday calls for $54 billion in tax cuts.
Recently we have had many mild days.
He was admitted to that school without taking the exam.
I found ten mistakes in as many pages.
You've got a lot of guts.
This carpet is superior to that one in quality.
When I've done with this pen
He found himself lying on a bench in the park.
I'm afraid I'll have to call it a day.
Those ideas are alien to our way of thinking.
The teacher mixed up our names.
Come what may; I won't change my mind.
Students have access to these computers.
The sound became fainter and fainter
And just like that
Last week the powerful Keidanren called on Tokyo to lift the ban.
In ancient China there were no cats; the cat that we are familiar with today was not imported into China from abroad until much later.
The wind blows against the sails.
I think Tom is hiding something from Mary.
These pills act on the heart.
He is aware of his own fault.
Have you got cough or cold?
They are to hold a party tonight.
You had better consult the doctor.
This is a special occasion.
I'm afraid I have an inflammation in my eyes.
She has started to get a few wrinkles around her eyes.
The proverb says that what is done cannot be undone.
I'd like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
These days John drinks too much.
I saw Andrea leaving home.
He likes to take electric devices apart.
Tom has enough money to buy any computer in this store. He just needs to decide which one.
May I come and see you now?
We have no notion of attacking him.
I will play the guitar for you.
America's consumer slump will hit those around it as well.
We go abroad every summer.
I didn't hear him coming.
I couldn't help but fall in love with you.
She made out the application for admission.
Please help yourself to the chocolate cake.
On his way home
Some seldom speak unless spoken to.
The shipment has reached us safely.
I got that for almost nothing.
I explained the matter to him.
I tried to tell you.
He hasn't got a bicycle.
She was a bridesmaid at the wedding.
A great future is reserved for him.
I have no hair on my head.
Tom is too good for Mary.
It's so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car.
I forgot to turn off the television before going to bed.
I remembered that boys will be boys.
You have bought more postage stamps than are necessary.
How long does it take to go there by bus?
People were not prepared for the storm.
The other girls are jealous of Lily because she is extremely pretty.
Are you going to carry on your work until ten?
My friend has had three jobs in a year; he never sticks to anything for long.
They finally consented to our suggestion.
What he lacked in wit
If you wish
Do you know where you should get on the subway?
Children usually look up to great athletes.
I hope I'm not disturbing you.
Hold the button down until you hear the shutter make a clicking sound.
We think that he will come.
He hasn't studied abroad for nothing.
He had the gratification of seeing his son graduate from collage.
Although he isn't ill-natured
How do you think this change will be received?
I wanted to meet and talk with the girl at the window.
The class was made up of seventeen children.
It's a lie we don't believe any more.
A mere repetition of other people's research cannot be called true scientific research.
The dog is white.
All the villages were beautiful.
Tom clearly didn't intend to let that happen.
The day will soon come when we will be able to predict earthquakes.
If jumps too high the rat - it's captured by the cat.
It will have been snowing for five days tomorrow.
She wore such thin clothes that she might well catch a cold.
I never see this album without remembering my school days.
She held out her hand.
I didn't like him much
She made up her mind to go to America.
She told her story in tears.
What does Tom really think of the way we've been handling this problem?
They're cleaning the beach.
Tom made it quite clear what he wanted.
It is regarded as a matter of time.
He wanted to see his boss in Tokyo before leaving for America.
You've got a great sense of humor.
He became active in the Republican Party.
What's your favorite holiday?
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?
I'm waiting for your help.
She pointed out my mistake.
The boy grew up to be a great statesman.
An essential condition for a helpful interview is a quiet room in which doctor and parents can sit comfortably and in private without being interrupted.
If you love me
I promise you I'll keep you safe.
This tale is a trip through infinite space.
The officer charged me with driving 80 kilometers an hour.
Her death was a great blow to him.
A small village grew into a large city.
She didn't even have the courtesy to say that she was sorry.
Yesterday we had a good evening with my brothers and friends
A magnet can pick up and hold many nails at a time.
Could we have a table in the non-smoking section?
She may not like his attitude.
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce.
I usually go to the barber once a month.
You do not have to run fast.
This is the biggest hotel in this city.
She doesn't listen to him.
His acting is far from being perfect.
He lives six houses beyond my house.
Red is out of fashion.
I can't account for his absence.
I'd like to make a tour of famous sites in London tomorrow.
Tom has memorised so many kanji that he can read books for primary school children.
Our efforts will soon bear fruit.
Let's meet the day after tomorrow.
But you don't have to stay to the end.
It is easy to be wise after the event.
I hope he will succeed in his new position.
Tom stayed up all night. Now he's too tired to work.
I'm undecided as of yet.
A group of children were playing.
The success resulted from your efforts.
I failed to recall the song's title.
He has an outstanding talent for music.
He's an Englishman.
Therefore we had to help each other and in that way the bonds between me and my sister were strong.
Use your head for a change.
Traffic is all tied up.
How many people does this ship's crew consist of?
Tonight we're going to church.
This year there were few rainy days in August.
The train service was suspended by the earthquake.
What did you do with your summer vacation?
Please pick up the pen from the floor.
Our first class is math.
I can't figure out how to register a new domain name.
Endorse this check.
There seemed to be several explanations of the case
The man was too fat to move by himself.
I am not concerned with the affair.
He asked his teacher several questions.
Summer seems to have come at last.
He travels about the world gathering facts about little known countries.
I know that all of this is just a game.
You are sure to succeed
If my robot goes on a rant
I will send you a tape of my voice.
Sleep is no less necessary to health than food.
Tom had to write the report all over again.
She likes to go to the beach.
It begins at six-thirty.
He is as tall as my brother.
He found out the answers for himself.
They'll attend the national conference in Las Vegas.
Tom gave a vague answer.
She soon adjusted to his way of life.
Do you like sports? "Yes
They decided to marry.
I got home at seven.
He became more and more famous as a critic.
Is there enough food for everyone?
She greeted me with a lovely smile.
More than a third of the world population lives near a coast.
He was busy
She gave me a piece of good advice.
He has two sons who became merchants.
Have you finished reading the novel?
Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity
He has been told by the doctor to give up smoking
I have something or other to tell him.
I'll leave the book for you with my neighbour.
When they hear 'Japanese-style room
Rats breed rapidly.
He put on the red jacket.
Tom was very kind to Mary.
The weather won't be fine.
He doesn't know everything about the plan.
I've heard about you.
Yoko ignored John completely
This train stops at every station from Nakano on.
Take care to indicate the right object before sending me your email
Literature reflects human activity as carried on by the best minds.
Tom acknowledged that what he said earlier was not true.
She speaks both English and French.
How irresponsible!
Tom bought presents for his children.
He is eighteen months old.
My mum likes tea very much.
He took it for granted that she was happy.
He is a man who can always be trusted.
Could you put it in a shopping bag for me?
I'm from America.
Juma will pay school fees. How about Hamisi? "No
He sat reading
I am very much attached to this old straw hat.
He crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes.
He has twice flown the Pacific.
She looked at several dolls and decided on the most beautiful one.
Tony is a very good tennis player.
Keiko is kind
He made a lot of easy money.
A dog runs after a cat
This morning it was raining when I took the bus.
After a hard day's work
It was named after the first American president.
Your nose is running. Blow it.
Will you make it to take out?
There's no way that Tom could have stolen the money without being seen.
The snow was brilliant in the morning sun.
Why is she angry?
I haven't seen Xiaowang for a month now; perhaps he's already gone back to his own country.
I've just been to the post office to buy some stamps.
The party went to China by sea.
Tom told Mary the truth.
He visited a sick friend who was in the hospital.
His joke set everyone laughing.
Conservative people always tell us to act within our station.
Rubleuskaja created very believable images of such historical figures as Francysk Skaryna
It's a secret.
Can I get a kilo of beef steaks please?
He could not account for his foolish mistake.
I just don't feel satisfied.
He described the scene in detail.
Tom can't remember where he bought his pink socks.
They had poor crops year after year.
It isn't a true apartment.
Hold fast to this tree.
Everybody wishes for happiness.
I was afraid I might be late.
It is difficult for us to get along with her
I remember that she wore a green hat.
Not a single person arrived late.
I'd like to see her back.
Will ten thousand yen do?
She felt her heart turn over in her chest.
Suzy hopes that Tom will ask her out.
My lover works at a language school and loves it very much.
Golf is the sport that I don't like.
As yet we have not made any plans for the holidays.
He has done me many kindnesses.
We cannot do without air and water.
Smoking in the restaurant was forbidden.
He has outlived his fame.
I'll give it some thought.
Is there a dress code?
I make it a rule to take a walk around the nearby pond in the evening.
I think it strange that she didn't say anything.
My name is James
The current is rapid around here.
The surgery
Either you or I am wrong.
He ordered me to go alone.
I know your father very well.
There were already a lot of people waiting in a line in front of the movie theater.
Some of the crew were drowned.
I got some sand in my eye.
What does the other party want?
Would you mind lending me your car?
The airplane made a safe landing.
There was a little water left in the bottom of the bottle.
The hosiery factory produces 600
He is a good swimmer.
When can one say that a person has alcohol issues?
The video shows him chugging an entire bottle of whiskey (God rest his soul).
Are you ready for dinner?
There's a bus stop here.
Yesterday I bought a dog. Sadly my aunt cooked it for dinner.
Tom can never get my name right.
Do you live in Sasayama?
Just where are you
That you should be stalking Hanako! You'd been quiet recently so I'd let my guard down.
When did Democracy come into existence?
The girl is lonely.
We would often sit up all night discussing politics.
The actor came out from behind the curtain.
I think it's time for me to move on.
Not a soul was to be seen in the street.
The police found no signs of foul play in the apartment.
All the rumors of his bribes
The population of Japan is much larger than that of Australia.
It is language that distinguishes man from beasts.
It is no use talking with him.
The phone company cut me off last month.
She was overshadowed by her sister's reputation.
It goes against the grain with me.
He interfered in our private concerns.
I don't like swimming in pools.
There is little water left.
Ichiro sounded somehow upset but my long years of hanging out with him told me that it was out and out fake.
That politician won't meet you unless you grease his palm.
We must think about the community.
He laid down his pen and leaned back in his chair.
He is lying on the grass.
A lot of students do part-time jobs.
Is there a mailbox near here?
His condition goes up and down.
Don't scatter your things about.
I found him working in the garden.
Laws differ from state to state in the United States.
Tom forgot to tell Mary about the party.
When I asked whether I might talk with him a moment
He was deceived by her apparent friendliness.
Tom wanted to ask Mary a question.
I have a prickling sensation in my left eye.
Jimmy often comes to see me on weekends.
I would rather remain single than live an unhappy life with him.
He's always late for class.
He embarked on a new study.
He is an easy mark at cards.
He walked up to her.
Little by little the water gets shallower.
To see you is always a great pleasure.
The bassoon is a stumbling block in the english translation.
Cold blasts from the broken window chilled us.
Interesting. Could you explain what you mean?
The learned man worships his ancestors.
Please bring us two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.
She sat up late last night.
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.
It is going to be rather cold.
Music surrounds our lives like air.
You can't just lounge around like that while everybody else is so busy.
The neighbors made a fool of him.
Tom told me he had nothing to look forward to.
She greeted him cheerfully.
In an emergency
There is much furniture in the room.
She lives in New York.
They married when they were young.
You obtained more than me.
The house is screened from view with a high fence.
Everybody was bright at the party.
Have you heard from her?
I saw her for the last time.
She gave them some apples.
Dad is shaving in the bathroom.
It really is a nice theory. The only defect I think it has is probably common to all philosophical theories. It's wrong.
What should I do in this situation?
She is still a girl.
Children like watching television.
He has something to do with the matter.
I will compensate you for your loss.
He is always asking for money.
Tell me all you know in connection with this.
There you go again.
I bought a book about animals.
Tom doesn't really like Mary all that much.
We will see whether he will recognize me or not.
This week the cherry blossoms in the park are in full bloom.
I can't move.
I worked as hard as I could so I didn't fail.
The skies won't be clear.
They are my cousins.
He spoke with a softness characteristic of southerners.
Tom interpreted for Mary.
He was a sick man when he got to New Orleans.
If there was no sun
I sentence you to ten years.
I took the right fork of the road.
I ran into the classroom out of breath.
Day in and day out
I caught on to what the teacher was explaining.
You'd better leave at once so that you don't miss the bus.
He lost a watch which I had bought him a week before.
This is a very
Two second-class tickets to Boston
Our price is considerably higher than the current market price.
We are short of money.
Since the train was crowded
I think you can't understand that feeling unless you're from the same generation.
There is no question as to her talent.
Little did she dream that she could win first prize.
I puzzled over the difficult math problem.
We cannot do without water even for a day.
He has set up three world records in swimming this year.
I could cry for joy.
Okay. Drive safely.
Let's get together tonight.
Only ten people showed up for the party.
Summer has arrived at last.
The shops in the street were for the most part closed.
They have nothing in common.
Give them to him.
Tall pine trees make a ring around the lake.
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.
An interfering old bag didn't keep her mouth shut.
She used to go to the movies on Sundays.
Neither Mary nor John can swim.
Tom disappeared without a trace.
You'll have to proportion your expenditure to your income.
The end of money is the end of love.
Two girls threw up on the bus in two days.
The bread really smells good.
He's too lazy to apply himself to anything.
How long have you had this pain?
I wish you success in your work.
I'll ask my brother to give me a ride.
The wind was so strong that the windows rattled.
Jealousy is always born at the same time as love
This one is of much higher quality than that one.
In the word "tomorrow"
He began to enjoy talking to them.
She blew her lines.
I ran through the textbook once more before the examination.
She was unconscious for a whole day after the accident.
Call Ishmael.
I plan to reply to his letter right away.
They made her marry him.
How did you come here?
The bill is due on the 1st of next month.
I imagine you're not the only one
May I borrow your bike?
He clung to the hope that he would see her again someday.
They said something to the effect of ‘I’m going in the same direction so
I wish I had bought a concert ticket.
When will the rainy season be over?
I discouraged my sister from going out with the leader of the pack.
It's next to that building.
Tom has a big family.
I tried to be calm
It's below her to say such a thing.
I was just wondering if you have been able to find a place to live.
Don't take it literally. He is inclined to exaggerate.
He has fewer friends than I.
We are at home today.
Several delegates disagreed.
He is having a hard time losing weight.
Tom went out for a breath of fresh air.
In that kind of case
Let's take a tea break.
Jack decided to cancel the reservations.
It is said that global warming is directly related to carbon dioxide emissions.
You'll find that book in the historical section of the library.
That dog is big.
Tom fell asleep on the train.
This adds to my troubles.
Tom woke up with a terrible headache.
It's really worth it.
I have four people in my family.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
He avenged the murder of his father.
What time do you get up every day?
Public feeling against air pollution has at last became vocal.
Back in high school
That country is turning into a society with high education.
You shouldn't drink and drive.
Regardless whether it's a lie or the truth
She adores her elder brother.
You must make decisions about your responsibility in the light of your conscience.
Damned if I know.
My mother doesn't care for our neighbor very much.
I'm going to clean your bedroom today.
I came into the room to find him watching TV.
Students must keep silent during a class.
Come home early.
Peter is continually making phone calls to his mother.
If there was a verb called "to nache"
We must hand down our craft to posterity.
What papers do you take in?
I tried to sound out his views.
A certain movie was novelized - rather it was a scenario written for a movie that was expanded as a novel and localized to Japanese.
I found the book at that bookstore by chance.
Our garden was full of weeds.
You should apologize for your rudeness.
One cup of coffee
There is no denying that English is the most widely spoken language in the world.
The partner was discouraged to his large victory.
They offered assistance.
You ought to think over whether the premise is valid or not.
We will discuss that later.
Let go of my arm! I can't stand people touching me.
Do you regard the situation as serious?
Mine is an apology for a car.
The activity of foreign trade has been declining of late.
The assistant took the money.
Women work on equal terms with men in this firm.
Jim went back to London for the purpose of seeing her.
You may have mistaken Jane for her sister.
My husband enjoys his glass once in a while.
You must keep quiet.
We can call English an international language.
To live is to suffer.
The sky seemed to blend with the sea.
This is a beneficial work.
I'm waiting for someone.
The meeting was canceled.
The sky in the night is a very clean thing.
Big successes result from constant effort.
She can only trust him.
He affirmed that he saw the crash.
There's someone I'd like you to meet.
I regret to inform you that I will be unable to keep our appointment for February 27.
She went inside.
Did you know that if you mixed red and blue paint you obtained purple?
The tea costs two euros.
They tell me jokes
You will get well in a week or so.
This is a good textbook.
Both of us are from Tampa.
This book is still interesting even after reading it many times.
Could we see each other for about an hour on February 27 at 3:00 pm?
He is too tired to go any farther.
Let's go home.
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.
You've taken everything.
That's only because you don't have to do it.
My cholesterol levels are high.
Let's get a picture of us with the sea in the background.
A Mr Smith came to see you.
They held a dinner for the new president.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
He warned me that I would fail.
He broke the door open.
The moon is a satellite of the earth.
I've heard about it
I'm through with Mary.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
Does he write letters in English?
The accused tried to justify his actions.
Man is judged by his courage
It is dangerous for us to be out after eight o'clock.
I'm not sure yet
They found a mysterious city in ruins in the desert.
We've driven enough for one day.
Sexual harassment has now become a social issue.
My uncle is very fond of fishing.
We drove along the coast.
God and the devil are really super.
Tom still has one more month to go before he graduates.
Betty arrived the latest.
I found the book I had long been looking for.
He was affected by the heat.
Do you know where she lives?
The old hippy didn't need any drugs; he was high on life.
I tell you that I am personally against abortion.
I believe you know what this is all about.
He invented an excuse for being late.
We paid customs on jewels.
Look. This is natto.
There is no accounting for tastes.
They feel closer than brothers.
What are you going to see?
It was foolish of her to ask him for help.
Everything will work out in due course.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
She half dragged
His family and his doctor urged him not to go.
That's great. Nobody gives me anything.
It is a story made out of whole cloth.
They marched in support of the government.
To our regret
He withheld his consent.
That hotel really goes the extra mile to make sure their guests feel at home.
Who is the manager of that baseball team?
If you don't keep the silverware polished
The power's out.
It may be all right.
The pupils listened eagerly during his speech.
He lay down on the grass and went to sleep.
Words cannot describe the beauty.
Tom didn't mean to tell Mary the secret
My alarm clock didn't go off this morning.
We were too late. When we got there
What a bad girl!
I'm in love with her.
Yecch. This rice cracker is soggy.
Chrysanthemums smell sweet.
Just as he was speaking
The problem is how to raise the funds.
You've been late for school more often than before.
I'm still haunted by a vivid nightmare I had last night.
My father must have been handsome in his youth.
Tourists on the French Riviera are being robbed by thieves who gas them as they sleep.
She came out of there.
I study at school.
She's there already?
Start now
They awarded her first prize at the flower show.
We must investigate social abuses.
Most people think that it's OK to eat meat.
Is it a disgrace to be divorced with children?
Where do I return cars?
They enjoy the highest standing.
He didn't give me time to think.
We arrived at a hotel in Rome.
What's the visibility?
These tools are used for building a house.
I did nothing during the holidays.
Thank you for the draft of the Agreement.
He is ten years senior to you.
She is independent of her parents.
That group is presently very active.
My special branch of study is sociology.
No one feels displeased when he is praised.
He is known to us all as a novelist.
What they told you is not true.
How far is it from here to Hakata?
Convenience stores sell candy bars.
Last month they had a lot of rain in France.
You probably just have a cold.
There's been a lot of rain this year.
Why did you get such a costly dictionary?
He was in despair when he spent the last of his money.
I was unable to breathe because of the smoke.
A number of people die in traffic accidents.
Thousands of people went to the beach to see the dolphin.
I have to take my medicine every six hours.
You must work hard if you are to succeed.
The policeman drove the crowd away.
The mountains
My town is by the sea.
They are approaching.
I dropped by the bookstore and bought an interesting book.
He struck at me with a stick.
A man of sense would be ashamed to do so.
Yesterday I nearly ran into Robert in Ginza.
Don't manhandle the women.
Come home before it gets dark.
Let me know if there is anything I can do.
Susan may not come
Train compartments soon get cramped.
I think that Japan is a very safe country.
He scraped mud from the door.
Mary is a very sociable person.
Don't tell me you're going to back out after all the plans we've made.
Let's stop working and relax for a while.
He often goes to the movies together with her.
Economics is the study of economic mechanisms.
Her explanation is a little convincing.
Do you remember when I saw you last?
He never gets up early in the morning.
What is he aiming at?
We sang around the fire when it got dark.
President Van Buren was troubled.
She flatters herself by thinking that she is beautiful.
Not all of us are against her idea.
I was born in the winter.
They discussed the plans for the party.
The pay was good
We all desire success.
The exam was divided into two parts.
He fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
It's your turn to answer the question.
Woe to the vanquished.
You should be careful of the feelings of others.
My husband is better able to cook than I.
They are very thick with our family.
He ran as fast as any boy in the team.
The supermarket is open Monday through Saturday.
I may not have much to offer in the way of learning or ability
Rice will find a ready market there.
Are both of you ready to go?
She told him a joke
I like cold potato salad in the summertime.
He is the last person to tell a lie.
We are living in the latter half of the twentieth century.
I don't want to go by plane
A thick fog delayed our flight.
We could have bought the car with a little more money.
It won't be long before we can start.
About how long will it take?
Tom didn't know how to translate the word "computer" because the people he was talking to had never seen one.
You must obtain approval before you can go.
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology.
I'll call for you at 7 tomorrow morning.
I advise you not to go.
I'm thinking about which college might be best for me.
I tried to forget that she had cried.
It is important to overview the economic status of these groups before examining the proposed solutions.
There will always be things I will never learn
You should go back right now.
They all have come.
So who were the 25? Al-Sayib asked. "Friends of yours?"
Let's close ranks and do something new.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to make ends meet.
She stressed that she did it by herself.
The strong shall devour the meek's reward.
The clumsy man envied her unusual talent.
The police checked up on each car.
Will it be hot again tomorrow?
An elderly man was sitting alone on a dark path.
Tom couldn't think of right words to say.
Justice is what love looks like in public.
He is able in business.
After my childhood
He went not to help his father but to borrow money from him.
I met her by accident at the bus stop.
He took to fishing after retirement.
In many languages the way dictionary-form words end is fixed; in Japanese they end in a 'u row' character.
He's got a headache.
Riding a horse is really thrilling.
The village is free from thieves.
She is one of the girls we invited to the party.
It is very expensive to keep up with the latest fashions.
A spring rain revived the flower.
She still loves him even though he doesn't love her anymore.
The computer is placed to the left of the women.
I went to bed early
A few days after his thirteenth birthday
Do you deliver on Sundays?
It is probable that he is ill.
He begged his father to buy him a bicycle.
The greatest good is akin to water.
How about going to the movies on Saturday?
A seller's market is a market in which goods are relatively scarce
In the past month
Did you enjoy your winter holidays?
I wonder what Tom ate for his Christmas dinner.
Through the internet
The history of the world is but the biography of great men.
I'm worried about him.
It's always delightful to see you.
The film was a great success.
It will be rather difficult for him.
Don't study.
In order to get some information about Japanese economic problems
It's not necessary to write more than 400 words.
He asked her how to drive a car yesterday.
I disapprove of what you say.
Mitsuna is very tidy so she often cleans up without being asked.
I'm falling in love with you.
The workman died from the explosion.
His dance is excellent.
Health coexists with temperance.
This is a secret just between you and me
The family is the most important unit in society.
She has no money about her.
She didn't want him to pamper the children.
They are having breakfast at eight this week.
He went abroad in opposition to her ardent wishes.
This camera is Tom's
But for his advice
Personal hygiene is very important.
Tom asked Mary where John lived.
Blind people read by touching
I have difficulty concentrating.
She cared for her son.
I always arrive a little ahead of time.
He came to see me in a different light.
He likes Western culture.
He crossed the river in a small boat.
I want my father to see the movie.
These teacups make a pair.
She is in no humor for task.
This is such an interesting story I will never forget it.
She managed to get what she desired easily.
Let me hear your frank opinion.
My friends celebrated my birthday.
We're going to the party in eighteenth century costumes.
Jane will be excited to see the flowers.
He didn't answer my question.
Once in a while everything goes wrong.
This is how I solved the problem.
Is this jasmine tea?
The blame rests with the cook.
He belongs to the ESS (English Speaking Society).
He told me that he would wait till I returned.
Cut one's coat according to one's cloth.
Tom doesn't believe a word of what Mary just said.
I've cooked you a nice hot dinner.
The parents want to give their son the best education.
To her embarrassment
Like breeds like.
How to split two varibles using delimiter?
The noisy of heavy traffic was such that the policeman could not make himself heard.
They must be waiting for you.
Tom told Mary that it was too hot to play outside.
The glass got broken.
This is her pen.
When I put 100 yen in and pressed the button to buy a coffee at the vending machine
The sun was warm in the morning
Criminals generally do not single out police officers.
I was glad to hear of your success.
She always finds fault with the way I do things.
That will save me a lot of trouble.
Children under thirteen years of age are not admitted to this swimming pool.
Her voluptuous body attracted me.
It is as warm today as yesterday.
Harry's really slow to catch on.
Tom couldn't convince Mary that she had made a mistake.
She seated herself on the bench.
Fortunately none of the passengers were injured.
He often drives to the library.
The teacher always thinks highly of the students who try to think
I'll be bound.
Would you like bread?
The typhoon prevented our plane from leaving.
His work is a synthesis of several ideas.
It is not good wishing.
This is certainly surprising.
Some birds are flying high in the sky.
A couple more!
Now is the time to carry out our plan.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
They won by force of numbers.
I don't carry much cash with me.
I went to the airport to see my mother off.
In order to help him
We work on a piecework basis.
He was wearing a long black coat that reached almost to his ankles.
She plainly interpreted Picasso's paintings to me.
He's supposed to be living in Nagano. What's he doing at Tokyo station?
Avoid smoking excessively.
I wonder if his tax returns will stand close examination.
It's raining non-stop.
It was very kind of you to visit me when I was ill.
He became famous thanks to his mother.
His face grew angrier when he saw his girlfriend kiss another guy.
Hunger is the best sauce.
His ambition is to play the part of Hamlet.
Tom is thinking of going to Boston next spring.
I can't help doing that.
Please leave me alone.
Tom is utterly obsessed with food. No wonder Mary dumped him!
She loves her puppy
Never hesitate to tell the truth.
The superpowers negotiated in earnest for the settlement of the intense conflict.
I'm being patient.
The police officer pointed his pistol at the criminal
The plan has been agreed to in advance.
Send for a doctor at once.
If you ever come back to me
He advocated abolishing death penalty distinctions.
I am going to America by plane.
The miso soup has heated up.
I just want to let you know that I can't attend this afternoon's meeting.
She sent him a postcard.
It is courageous of you to say such a thing.
He cut a twig from the tree with his knife.
Would you like to have a drink before dinner?
He was somewhat disappointed to hear the news.
He finds it very hard to do without cigarettes for a day.
Mr Adams was foolish to agree to the proposal.
We've finished cleaning the classroom.
Tom shut himself up in his bedroom.
I gave Mary a book.
The use of new technology is attracting more costumers.
What's your favorite dessert?
You need to stop talking all the time and start listening to what others say.
Please bill us separately.
Tom began to cry.
He will visit his uncle.
In a sense what he says is true.
He brushes his teeth.
They usually get home later than us.
The road turns left there.
He discovered that he had made a mistake.
Is it not concerning the way the markets jitter about these days?
He showed kindness by giving me a piece of advice.
They urged them to buy the products.
Go away.
It was time to part
It is hard to distinguish you from your brother.
He arrived after the bell rang.
She screamed when she saw the snake.
The crown was set with gems.
There are things I'd like to say but to butt in now would be what they call uncouth.
I'm too old to be playing with bugs
The marigold rises with the sun.
Tom should apologize to Mary for being so rude to her mother.
Local industry flourished throughout the land in the Edo period thanks to the promotional efforts by each clan.
How many satellites have been put into orbit round the earth?
My father was still at home when I left.
She took me half way there
Can you validate this parking ticket?
She made a delicious meal for him.
I could not come up to his expectations.
Why don't we go somewhere and get something to drink?
The policeman visited all the houses.
It looks like we'd better leave.
I thought that he knew everything about Japan.
Why is politics separating us
The accident robbed him of his sight.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go to the mountains or to the beach.
Tom grew up in an orphanage.
There are many people to come this afternoon.
Not knowing what to say
I think it better not to try.
How long do I have to wait for delivery?
We had some difficulty finding his house.
The car failing to start
The university has turned out competent doctors.
Don't let anybody see you.
They are short of funds.
No sooner had the younger brother gone into the forest than he found the river
Please come around someday when you aren't busy.
You don't run here.
He said he would come and he did come.
Another thing to avoid is to use too much praise.
It's you I've come for.
You may have good reason to think that your youth is over.
You'll have a hard time.
The new boys soon accustomed themselves to the school.
She put a lot of sugar in the coffee.
His speech is very eloquent.
Tom buys two or three cameras every year.
What on earth spurred them to such an action?
At that time in the courts of the feudal lords there were many scholars who engaged in discrimination
What are you having for lunch today?
Do I really have that good a personality? "Impossible. After all
We're looking for an apartment with two bedrooms.
There is a start signal.
Tom usually starts his day with a hot cup of coffee.
The vote was twenty-eight for and twenty against.
These books are ours.
I'll have to come here every year.
E-mail was supposed to transform the way people communicate.
This car is a pile of rubbish.
The thought is not bad.
She looked after her sister
Tom talked Mary into going.
In no way is he a man of character.
He gave her her first kiss.
Have you ever seen a bear in the mountain?
If you should fail
There is a good number of problems for which the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker conditions are insufficient to guarantee optimality
The boy is always mocked by his classmates.
The New Tokyo International Airport was opened in Narita.
I had to sip the coffee because it was too hot.
A lot of people starved during that war.
He is a Japanese boy.
Move along
Don't do that!!! There's a computer at the drug store.
He has long hair and wears jeans.
The storm did great harm to the crop.
The new system proved a success.
His unrelenting mildness infuriates me! Where is his drive? Where is his passion?
I should like to join the cricket club.
Children usually have faith in their parents.
What is the company's competitive advantage?
We talked and talked until the day broke.
I'll give you a lift.
I play tennis every Sunday.
I was roused by the sound of a bell.
I have to go even if it rains cats and dogs.
Don't try God's patience.
The joints of the chair were loose.
She's honest enough
Is John available now?
I dreamt I was a bird.
Either you or he has to attend the meeting.
A diametrically opposed kinship pattern is to be observed among certain South Sea Island communities.
She was an excellent spouse who stood by him through poverty.
Everybody plays the game of love.
Thousands of lives will be at stake if emergency food does not arrive there within a few days.
Relations with Canada remained correct and cool.
A child is crying somewhere.
The actress is running her lines.
The final score was two to nothing.
Let's see what will happen.
Tom asked Mary when she had sold her first painting.
I admire your talent.
He behaved as if he were crazy.
The weather forecast said that it would rain this afternoon
This is the latest fashion this spring.
She told him to try harder.
A strange fellow
Japan has enjoyed prosperity since the war.
He is very a dangerous man.
Short hair really suits her.
By next April you will have studied English for ten years.
Woe to who be alone
Our survival depends on finding drinking water soon.
They demanded that they should get more money.
You ought not to act selfishly.
He made a speech highly appropriate to the occasion.
The room was so dark that we could see nothing at all.
Don't trifle with such serious matters.
I always keep my promises.
He'll be sure to get on in life.
I read your new book with real delight.
She heard her name called out in the crowd.
My brother plays guitar.
She stayed at a hotel.
